ere are some potential secure by design cloud security questions with multiple-choice answers:

What security measures are implemented in your cloud infrastructure?
a. Encryption of data at rest and in transit
b. Network segmentation and access controls
c. Security monitoring and logging
d. All of the above

What level of access controls do you have in place for your cloud infrastructure and application?
a. Role-based access controls (RBAC)
b. Multi-factor authentication (MFA)
c. Identity and access management (IAM) policies
d. All of the above

How do you ensure the security of data at rest and in transit?
a. Encryption of data at rest and in transit
b. Use of secure protocols, such as TLS or SSL
c. Regular vulnerability scanning and penetration testing
d. All of the above

What security-related training or awareness programs do you provide for your employees?
a. Regular security awareness training
b. Phishing and social engineering testing
c. Secure coding training
d. All of the above

How do you handle security incidents or data breaches, including incident response planning and notification processes?
a. Incident response plan in place
b. Regular testing of the incident response plan
c. Clear communication plan in case of a security incident
d. All of the above

How do you ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, such as GDPR or HIPAA?
a. Regular compliance audits and assessments
b. Implementing appropriate security controls and policies
c. Providing data protection and privacy features
d. All of the above



-------
The Center for Internet Security (CIS) has a Cloud Controls Matrix (CCM) that provides a list of security controls and best practices for cloud environments. You can use this as a reference to develop your own list of secure by design cloud security questions. Here is the link: https://www.cisecurity.org/controls/cloud-controls-matrix/

The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) has published a list of top cloud security threats and best practices for addressing them. You can use this as a reference to develop your own list of questions. Here is the link: https://cloudsecurityalliance.org/top-threats/

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has published a set of guidelines for securing cloud environments. You can use this as a reference to develop your own list of questions. Here is the link: https://www.nist.gov/publications/cloud-computing-synopsis-and-recommendations

By using these resources and others like them, you can create a set of secure by design cloud security questions that are tailored to your specific needs and requirements.